Update 005-environment-specific-config.md (#1385)
Altinn/app-lib-dotnet: doc/adr/005-environment-specific-config.md

## Problem context

A correspondence resource is a resource configured specifically for use with the correspondence service. This includes sending messages to the Altinn Inbox and sending notifications via email and sms using the notification service. A correspondence resource is required for user delegated signing, as concluded by ADR-004. Without such a resource, the signees would not be able to navigate to the form which they are to sign. If users are to receive receipts, a correspondence resource is also needed.

> Service owner may want to use different resources for different environments to be able to differentiate between use for billing purposes, or to configure different access policies for the different environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service owner might want to use different resources for each environment, in order to make it easier to track costs or set different access rules depending on the environment.
```
